Most my childhood was spent in Detroit visiting family, enjoying the many parks, museums, restaurants, festivals, and Tiger games. I saw Detroit at it's best and I saw its decline. It was heartbreaking for my parents who grew up in Detroit during its heyday. Now I see Detroit through my son's eyes as he frequently visits with friends. We spent the day exploring Midtown, Campus Martius, and Belle Isle. We wanted to show my mother Detroit's comeback. I was amazing to see people out again enjoying the many cafes and restaurants. We wandered through new boutiques and most everyone we met smiled and said "hello". My heart is always with Detroit!
There is a lot to do downtown, and the city is safe by Wayne and Detroit Mercy. Great food options and they have a lot of versatile events. They recently just had a salsa party where they teach you how to dance! What I like the most is that no matter what the season is, there are a lot of things to do. The public school systems are not always the greatest, I believe that is something that could be worked on. Nightlife is great, there are many bars and restaurants open late. The market is high right now but it is a beautiful area. The commute is about 15 minutes by car with traffic. There's been more diversity over the years and there are a lot of job opportunities that have been only increasing over time.
The beloved Motor City. I have lived here for most of my life and have loved living here. Growing up in an urban environment, there are certain experiences that you get with living in the city that you don't get living in the suburbs. The city has made efforts throughout the years to make this place a place to visit again. New parks have been added. Abandoned homes are being torn down, and old roads are being repaired. With all these new improvements being made, there are still some gaps that need to be filled. Tax dollars could be used to provide better lunches for kids in school. Parks are being restored, but are the ones in rundown neighborhoods being rebuilt? I love my city and obviously, there is always room for improvement, but the Motor City is my home and I am proud to live here.
I am born and raised from detroit Michigan. Detroit has a lot of things to offer. Detroit is known for its history, music, sports, and art. There are many fun and educational places to visit in Detroit. For example museums, art galleries, and cultural events. Detroit is know as motor city, and is also know for Motown. Some of Detroits famous sports team are known as Tigers, Pistons, and Red Wings.
I love my city, it can be very beautiful, connected, strong, and unbeatable. It has good and bad like any other major city but unless you're in a bad lifestyle it isn't hard to not be put in a compromising situation. Plenty of friendly helpful people and great communities, impressive entertainment and food, and amazing organizations.
Was once a great city now everything is in its former shell. There are no movie theatres, no grocery stores, no department stores, and mostly everything is abandoned.
I like the way the city is coming alive with new funding and projects to develop our city back into the it once was.
Detroit is a beautiful city. I have lived here my entire life. I love going to Belle Isle in the summer to spend time with my friends and family. I would like to see a change in the amount of violence that occurs every day here.
I have enjoyed the experiences and challenges that have helped shape me into the women I am today. No matter how far away I move Detroit will always be my home!
The diversity in Detroit is different and helps you connect to other communities. I would like to see more people like the Latino community, and the Middle Eastern community involved in more of the jobs available here in Detroit.
beautiful location. Not enough resources readily available. Buses tend to not truly serve the citizens and alot of the decision making is made by those not even part of the city.
it is a great up and coming city with a lot of potential and opportunity. Lots of places to eat, restaurants, festivals, nature places, sports and fun activities to do, great for young professionals.
It is a beautiful city with different people and cultures. I have lived in Detroit my whole life and I plan to stay here, but move to a nicer neighborhood when I get older. This is Motor City, so most people drive cars and I like seeing the variety that I don't see in other neighborhoods. In this city, there is a lot of art and music along with passionate people. However, the news and other outlets show bad times and ignore good deeds. I wish people in the city cared about it more. Most entrepreneurs move outside the city to promote their businesses, but use Detroit for brownie points. I love this city. Even if I am sheltered and I have not seen the worst part, there is hope. In my community cops are looked down upon, but in Detroit there is a cop for each demographic of the city: African Americans, Hispanics, Whites, and a few Asians. I appreciate the city seeing problems in other cities and trying its best to prevent them here.
I love Detroit for the inspiring stories it has created throughout history. The Downtown area is absolutely stunning and it makes the city feel very welcoming and inviting.
I have lived in Detroit, MI all my life. Growing up here was a little rough. We had many abandon houses and empty lots. There also was high crime activity in the city and outskirts. Now Detroit has done a complete turnaround. Our Downtown area was a place you really didn't want to go, unless you had a meeting or wanted to go to the Casino. Now Downtown Detroit is where you want to be. I love when my guest come in town from different states, and I can take them Downtown. The view of the buildings and even to go to the Detroit River walk to take a glance into Canada is amazing. There are all sorts of fun things to do now for all ages. My family loves visiting Downtown we can ride scooters, bikes, and even play some street games. Also, the food choices are unlimited, we literally have restaurants for whatever your appetite desires. In the winter we have an ice-skating rink that the entire family can enjoy. Date night ice skating and drinking hot chocolate is truly amazing. I love DETROIT.
