Amazing city with diversity and energy. Appreciation of properties exceeds most of the nation, so the housing market is expensive. Schools? City has two above average elementary schools, North Beach Elem (located actually in mid-beach) and South Pointe Elem. The high school has a Intl Baccalaureate program. South Beach is a tourist mess these days with high crime and dirty streets. Mid Beach is the sleepy suburban area. North Beach is more affordable, but residents have to use private schools or finagle a way into other public schools.
Miami Beach was a wonderful experience in my life. I had the opportunity to live in a place that felt like home, with the beach, locals and people full of life.In this location you will be able to feel the true experience of living in Miami. You have food, clothing and entertainment stores on every corner. On the other hand, sometimes there are homeless, which is not the best, but they are respectful and not disturbing at all. In conclusion, for me this place left a huge mark on me; I would love to be able to return and live here again in the future.
I loved the outdoor life and green love that is commonly seen around Miami Beach. Everywhere you go there's a vibe like no other. Residents love to go to the beach, roller skate, exercise, and overall spend each of their days as an ongoing party as if they were on vacation each and every week. However, I have noticed that in my community there is a grave issue with homelessness, particularly regarding individuals with appeared mental impairment, and I would love to see these individuals in my community be taken care of in centers where they can get appropriate treatment, resources like counseling, and participate in programs to recuperate their life.
North Beach is great for families. Quiet neighborhoods. Easy access to the beach and lots of space for walking.
Miami Beach is one of the most walkable cities. It should be one of the most bicycle friendly too but the reviews are mixed. I lived there as a child and of course its grown and is a huge spring break place. That can be good to some and bad for others. My biggest concern is that it will be under water in the not-too-distant future. I've read every scientific and news article and in sum they paint a negative future- street heightening is controversial but seems helpful. Real estate of course is going to suffer. Although my name is Fischer it does not mean I want to swim everywhere.
I've lived in Miami Beach for 15 years and I just love it because of how many vibrant areas there are around town. You can bike anywhere you want with the green-paved bike lanes and because of the proximity of the different services and locales that Miami beach has to offer.
I loved the outdoor life and green love that is commonly seen around Miami Beach. Everywhere you go there's a vibe like no other. Residents love to go to the beach, roller skate, exercise, and overall spend each of their days as an ongoing party as if they were on vacation each and every week. However, I have noticed that in my community there is a grave issue with homelessness, particularly regarding individuals with appeared mental impairment, and I would love to see these individuals in my community be taken care of in centers where they can get appropriate treatment, resources like counseling, and participate in programs to recuperate their life.
I may be biased, but believe me there is no other place quite like "the 305," or known more commonly as Miami Beach. Hip Hop meets the beach, Wynwood art and palm trees, make the typical Miamian. though I've lived in many, many places; no place has felt like home till I came here.
Miami Beach is a beautiful city with lots of diversity in which you can meet people of various backgrounds. You can also enjoy the beach and the parks located near the area which are both entertaining and family-friendly. What I would like to see change in the city would be the overall cleanliness of the streets. Moreover, I would like to see inflation go down in order for prices to be more in line with people's wages.
Safety has to be improved for residents and tourists. Unfortunately the perception of the city as a vacation and party area provides unsecure environments.
I love the beauty of the city. I'd like to see more diversity and acceptance of all races in Miami Beach. As the population is heavily of Latino descent, I feel they are disproportionately represented in positions of power here in this city.
I like that it is a pedestrian friendly city and that we have a nice beach. I like diversity and I find that living here.
Great place to live, friendly neighbors, blue skies, walk to the beach, what more can you ask for? Police everywhere to keep it safe, 4 parks within 5 blocks of my apartment.
I love it down here. I was born and raised in Detroit Michigan, with all the snow and shivers. Now, getting to live in this beautiful palm tree'd paradise is just a dream come true.
I love the sense of community that we have and the easy going life style that everyone has. I have lived on the beach my whole life and never had any problems with security or ever felt un easy, even in the busy night life. Things are very close to each other which makes it easy to walk or ride bike since traffic can be heavy at times.
